#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt --resolver=backtracking requirements-cpu.in requirements.in
#
--extra-index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cpu

absl-py==1.4.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-probability
accelerate==0.13.2
    # via autogluon-multimodal
addict==2.4.0
    # via mmcv
aiohttp==3.8.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp-cors
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
    #   openai
    #   ray
aiohttp-cors==0.7.0
    # via ray
aioredis==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
aiorwlock==1.3.0
    # via ray
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   ray
albumentations==1.1.0
    # via autogluon-multimodal
alembic==1.11.1
    # via mlflow
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.8
    # via omegaconf
anyio==3.6.2
    # via starlette
arabic-stopwords==0.3
    # via multi-rake
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via uvicorn
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aioredis
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
    #   ray
    #   visions
autocuda==0.16
    # via pyabsa
autogluon-common==0.6.0
    # via
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-features
    #   autogluon-multimodal
autogluon-core[raytune]==0.6.0
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-tabular
autogluon-features==0.6.0
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-tabular
autogluon-multimodal==0.6.0
    # via autogluon-text
autogluon-tabular[all]==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
autogluon-text==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
backoff==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via gdown
blessed==1.20.0
    # via gpustat
blis==0.7.9
    # via thinc
boto3==1.26.66
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autogluon-common
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-multimodal
botocore==1.29.66
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
bottleneck==1.3.7
    # via visions
bpemb==0.3.4
    # via flair
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via google-auth
catalogue==2.0.8
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
catboost==1.1.1
    # via autogluon-tabular
causal-learn==0.1.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
causalnex @ git+https://github.com/WenboGong/causalnex.git@develop
    # via causica
causica @ git+https://github.com/Actable-AI/causica@main
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via
    #   minio
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.0.4
    # via
    #   databricks-cli
    #   distributed
    #   flask
    #   metric-visualizer
    #   mlflow
    #   model-index
    #   nltk
    #   openmim
    #   ray
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   hyperopt
    #   mlflow
    #   shap
    #   tensorflow-probability
cmdstanpy==1.1.0
    # via prophet
colorama==0.4.6
    # via openmim
colorful==0.5.5
    # via ray
confection==0.0.4
    # via thinc
configspace==0.6.1
    # via tabpfn
conllu==4.5.2
    # via flair
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via matplotlib
convertdate==2.4.0
    # via prophet
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
cymem==2.0.7
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
dask==2021.11.2
    # via
    #   autogluon-core
    #   distributed
databricks-cli==0.17.7
    # via mlflow
datasets==2.12.0
    # via evaluate
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   tensorflow-probability
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via autogluon-multimodal
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via flair
dill==0.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   multiprocess
    #   pathos
distlib==0.3.6
    # via virtualenv
distributed==2021.11.2
    # via autogluon-core
dm-tree==0.1.8
    # via tensorflow-probability
docker==6.1.2
    # via mlflow
dowhy==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   econml
econml==0.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
entrypoints==0.4
    # via mlflow
ephem==4.1.4
    # via lunarcalendar
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
evaluate==0.2.2
    # via autogluon-multimodal
execnet==1.9.0
    # via pytest-xdist
fairscale==0.4.6
    # via autogluon-multimodal
fastai==2.7.12
    # via autogluon-tabular
fastapi==0.95.2
    # via ray
fastcore==1.5.29
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   fastdownload
fastdownload==0.0.7
    # via fastai
fastprogress==1.0.3
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   fastdownload
fasttext==0.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.12.0
    # via
    #   gdown
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ray
    #   transformers
    #   virtualenv
findfile==2.0.0
    # via
    #   metric-visualizer
    #   pyabsa
flair==0.11.3
    # via -r requirements.in
flake8==3.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==2.2.5
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   prometheus-flask-exporter
flatbuffers==1.12
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.39.4
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
    #   ray
fsspec[http]==2023.5.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytorch-lightning
ftfy==6.1.1
    # via flair
future==0.18.3
    # via hyperopt
gast==0.4.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-probability
gcastle @ git+https://github.com/confoundry/trustworthyAI.git@a768c0a
    # via causica
gdown==4.4.0
    # via
    #   flair
    #   pyabsa
gensim==4.3.1
    # via
    #   bpemb
    #   flair
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.31
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   pyabsa
gluonts[Prophet,R,prophet,r]==0.10.3
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core==2.11.0
    # via opencensus
google-auth==2.18.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
googleapis-common-protos==1.59.0
    # via google-api-core
gpustat==1.1
    # via ray
gpytorch==1.10
    # via tabpfn
graphviz==0.8.4
    # via
    #   catboost
    #   causal-learn
    #   lingam
    #   mxnet
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.43.0
    # via
    #   ray
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via mlflow
h11==0.14.0
    # via uvicorn
h5py==3.8.0
    # via tensorflow
hiredis==2.2.3
    # via aioredis
holidays==0.25
    # via
    #   gluonts
    #   prophet
huggingface-hub==0.14.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   flair
    #   timm
    #   transformers
hyperopt==0.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autogluon-core
    #   flair
    #   tabpfn
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.28.1
    # via scikit-image
importlib-metadata==3.10.1
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   flask
    #   konoha
    #   mlflow
    #   numba
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   jsonschema
    #   prophet
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipython==7.32.0
    # via -r requirements.in
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via flask
janome==0.4.2
    # via flair
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   distributed
    #   flask
    #   rpy2
    #   spacy
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   econml
    #   mlxtend
    #   nltk
    #   pgmpy
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.8.0
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   ray
keras==2.9.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
konoha==4.6.5
    # via flair
korean-lunar-calendar==0.3.1
    # via holidays
langcodes[data]==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via flair
language-data==1.1
    # via langcodes
liac-arff==2.5.0
    # via openml
libclang==16.0.0
    # via tensorflow
lightgbm==3.3.5
    # via
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   econml
linear-operator==0.4.0
    # via gpytorch
lingam==1.5.5
    # via causica
llvmlite==0.40.0
    # via
    #   numba
    #   pynndescent
locket==1.0.0
    # via partd
lunarcalendar==0.0.9
    # via prophet
lxml==4.9.2
    # via flair
mako==1.2.4
    # via alembic
marisa-trie==0.7.8
    # via language-data
markdown==3.3.4
    # via
    #   model-index
    #   tensorboard
markdown-it-py==2.2.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autogluon-core
    #   catboost
    #   causal-learn
    #   fastai
    #   flair
    #   gcastle
    #   gluonts
    #   metric-visualizer
    #   mlxtend
    #   mmdet
    #   prophet
    #   pycocotools
    #   seaborn
    #   tikzplotlib
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via ipython
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
metric-visualizer==0.9.6
    # via pyabsa
minio==7.1.15
    # via openml
mlflow==1.30.1
    # via causica
mlxtend==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mmcv==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
mmdet==2.28.1
    # via -r requirements.in
model-index==0.1.11
    # via openmim
more-itertools==9.1.0
    # via
    #   configspace
    #   flair
mpld3==0.3
    # via flair
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.0.5
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   ray
multi-rake @ git+https://github.com/Actable-AI/multi_rake@master
    # via -r requirements.in
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multimethod==1.4
    # via visions
multiprocess==0.70.14
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   pathos
murmurhash==1.0.9
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
mxnet==1.8.0.post0
    # via -r requirements-cpu.in
natsort==8.3.1
    # via metric-visualizer
networkx==2.8.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   causal-learn
    #   causalnex
    #   dowhy
    #   gcastle
    #   hyperopt
    #   pgmpy
    #   pyabsa
    #   scikit-image
    #   visions
nlpaug==1.1.10
    # via autogluon-multimodal
nltk==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autogluon-multimodal
nptyping==1.4.4
    # via autogluon-multimodal
numba==0.57.0
    # via
    #   pynndescent
    #   shap
    #   sparse
    #   tigramite
    #   umap-learn
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   albumentations
    #   autogluon-common
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-features
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   blis
    #   bottleneck
    #   bpemb
    #   catboost
    #   causal-learn
    #   causalnex
    #   cmdstanpy
    #   configspace
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   dowhy
    #   econml
    #   evaluate
    #   fasttext
    #   gcastle
    #   gensim
    #   gluonts
    #   h5py
    #   hyperopt
    #   imageio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   lightgbm
    #   lingam
    #   matplotlib
    #   metric-visualizer
    #   mlflow
    #   mlxtend
    #   mmcv
    #   mmdet
    #   multi-rake
    #   mxnet
    #   nlpaug
    #   nptyping
    #   numba
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   openml
    #   opentsne
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   pandasql
    #   patsy
    #   pgmpy
    #   prophet
    #   pyarrow
    #   pycocotools
    #   pyro-ppl
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   pywavelets
    #   qudida
    #   ray
    #   river
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   seqeval
    #   shap
    #   spacy
    #   sparse
    #   statsmodels
    #   tabpfn
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-probability
    #   thinc
    #   tifffile
    #   tigramite
    #   tikzplotlib
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchtext
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   umap-learn
    #   visions
    #   xgboost
nvidia-ml-py==11.525.112
    # via gpustat
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   databricks-cli
    #   requests-oauthlib
omegaconf==2.1.2
    # via autogluon-multimodal
openai==0.27.4
    # via -r requirements.in
opencensus==0.11.2
    # via ray
opencensus-context==0.1.3
    # via opencensus
opencv-python-headless==4.7.0.72
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   qudida
openmim==0.2.1
    # via autogluon-multimodal
openml==0.13.1
    # via tabpfn
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via metric-visualizer
opentsne==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via
    #   pgmpy
    #   pyro-ppl
    #   tensorflow
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via model-index
overrides==3.1.0
    # via konoha
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   dask
    #   datasets
    #   docker
    #   evaluate
    #   fastai
    #   fastcore
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlflow
    #   mmcv
    #   plotly
    #   pytesseract
    #   pytest
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   scikit-image
    #   shap
    #   spacy
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorboardx
    #   tensorflow
    #   thinc
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
pandas==1.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autogluon-common
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-features
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   catboost
    #   causal-learn
    #   causalnex
    #   cmdstanpy
    #   datasets
    #   dowhy
    #   econml
    #   evaluate
    #   fastai
    #   gcastle
    #   gluonts
    #   metric-visualizer
    #   mlflow
    #   mlxtend
    #   nlpaug
    #   openmim
    #   openml
    #   pandasql
    #   pgmpy
    #   prophet
    #   ray
    #   river
    #   seaborn
    #   shap
    #   statsmodels
    #   visions
pandasql==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
partd==1.4.0
    # via dask
pathos==0.2.9
    # via causalnex
pathy==0.10.1
    # via spacy
patsy==0.5.3
    # via statsmodels
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pgmpy==0.1.22
    # via causalnex
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.0.1
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   fastai
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   mmcv
    #   pytesseract
    #   scikit-image
    #   tikzplotlib
    #   torchvision
platformdirs==3.5.1
    # via virtualenv
plotly==5.14.1
    # via catboost
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
pox==0.3.2
    # via pathos
ppft==1.7.6.6
    # via pathos
pptree==3.1
    # via flair
preshed==3.0.8
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
prometheus-client==0.13.1
    # via
    #   prometheus-flask-exporter
    #   ray
prometheus-flask-exporter==0.22.4
    # via mlflow
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via ipython
prophet==1.1.3
    # via gluonts
protobuf==3.19.6
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   mlflow
    #   ray
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   tensorflow
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   autogluon-features
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   distributed
    #   gpustat
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-forked
py-spy==0.3.14
    # via ray
py4j==0.10.9.7
    # via hyperopt
pyabsa==1.15.7
    # via -r requirements.in
pyarabic==0.6.15
    # via arabic-stopwords
pyarrow==12.0.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   openml
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pybind11==2.10.4
    # via fasttext
pycld2==0.41
    # via multi-rake
pycocotools==2.0.6
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   mmdet
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via flake8
pydantic==1.10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   confection
    #   fastapi
    #   gluonts
    #   ray
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
pydeprecate==0.3.2
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
pydot==1.4.2
    # via
    #   causal-learn
    #   dowhy
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.7.0
    # via databricks-cli
pymeeus==0.5.12
    # via convertdate
pynndescent==0.5.10
    # via umap-learn
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   configspace
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
    #   pgmpy
    #   pydot
pyro-api==0.1.2
    # via pyro-ppl
pyro-ppl==1.8.4
    # via causica
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   multi-rake
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via requests
pytesseract==0.3.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest==7.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-forked
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-forked==1.6.0
    # via pytest-xdist
pytest-xdist==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   flair
    #   holidays
    #   lunarcalendar
    #   matplotlib
    #   openml
    #   pandas
    #   prophet
python-rapidjson==1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pytorch-lightning==1.7.7
    # via autogluon-multimodal
pytorch-metric-learning==1.3.2
    # via autogluon-multimodal
pytorch-warmup==0.1.1
    # via pyabsa
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   lunarcalendar
    #   mlflow
    #   pandas
pywavelets==1.4.1
    # via scikit-image
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   albumentations
    #   dask
    #   datasets
    #   distributed
    #   fastai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   mlflow
    #   mmcv
    #   model-index
    #   omegaconf
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   ray
    #   tabpfn
    #   timm
    #   transformers
qudida==0.0.4
    # via albumentations
querystring-parser==1.2.4
    # via mlflow
ray[default,serve,tune]==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autogluon-core
redis==3.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
regex==2023.5.5
    # via
    #   flair
    #   multi-rake
    #   nltk
    #   segtok
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests[socks]==2.31.0
    # via
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   bpemb
    #   databricks-cli
    #   datasets
    #   docker
    #   evaluate
    #   fastai
    #   fsspec
    #   gdown
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   konoha
    #   mlflow
    #   mxnet
    #   nlpaug
    #   openai
    #   openmim
    #   openml
    #   ray
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
    #   spacy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tiktoken
    #   torchtext
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   update-checker
    #   wikipedia-api
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
responses==0.18.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
rich==13.3.5
    # via openmim
river==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rpy2==2.9.6b0
    # via gluonts
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.6.1
    # via boto3
scikit-image==0.19.3
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   autogluon-multimodal
scikit-learn==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-features
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   causal-learn
    #   causalnex
    #   dowhy
    #   econml
    #   fastai
    #   flair
    #   gcastle
    #   gpytorch
    #   lightgbm
    #   lingam
    #   mlxtend
    #   openml
    #   opentsne
    #   pgmpy
    #   pynndescent
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   qudida
    #   seqeval
    #   shap
    #   tabpfn
    #   umap-learn
scipy==1.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   albumentations
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   catboost
    #   causal-learn
    #   causalnex
    #   configspace
    #   dowhy
    #   econml
    #   fastai
    #   gcastle
    #   gensim
    #   hyperopt
    #   lightgbm
    #   linear-operator
    #   lingam
    #   metric-visualizer
    #   mlflow
    #   mlxtend
    #   mmdet
    #   openml
    #   opentsne
    #   pgmpy
    #   pynndescent
    #   river
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   shap
    #   sparse
    #   statsmodels
    #   tigramite
    #   umap-learn
    #   xgboost
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via tabpfn
segtok==1.5.11
    # via flair
sentencepiece==0.1.95
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   bpemb
    #   flair
    #   pyabsa
seqeval==1.2.2
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   pyabsa
shap==0.40.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   econml
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   blessed
    #   catboost
    #   databricks-cli
    #   gdown
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   hyperopt
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   langdetect
    #   mmdet
    #   patsy
    #   pyarabic
    #   python-dateutil
    #   querystring-parser
    #   rpy2
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-probability
    #   tigramite
slicer==0.0.7
    # via shap
smart-open==5.2.1
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   gensim
    #   pathy
    #   ray
    #   spacy
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via distributed
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
spacy==3.5.3
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   pyabsa
spacy-legacy==3.0.12
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.4
    # via spacy
sparse==0.14.0
    # via econml
sqlalchemy==1.4.44
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   mlflow
    #   pandasql
sqlitedict==2.1.0
    # via flair
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via mlflow
srsly==2.4.6
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
starlette==0.27.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   ray
statsmodels==0.14.0
    # via
    #   causal-learn
    #   dowhy
    #   econml
    #   lingam
    #   pgmpy
sympy==1.12
    # via dowhy
tabpfn==0.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   databricks-cli
    #   flair
    #   metric-visualizer
    #   openmim
    #   ray
tangled-up-in-unicode==0.2.0
    # via visions
tblib==1.7.0
    # via distributed
tenacity==8.2.2
    # via plotly
tensorboard==2.9.1
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboardx==2.6
    # via ray
tensorflow==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-cpu.in
    #   gcastle
tensorflow-estimator==2.9.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.32.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-probability==0.17.0
    # via gcastle
termcolor==2.3.0
    # via
    #   findfile
    #   pyabsa
    #   tensorflow
terminaltables==3.1.10
    # via mmdet
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via autogluon-multimodal
thinc==8.1.10
    # via spacy
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2023.4.12
    # via scikit-image
tigramite @ git+https://github.com/WenboGong/tigramite.git@develop
    # via causica
tiktoken==0.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
tikzplotlib==0.10.1
    # via metric-visualizer
timm==0.6.13
    # via autogluon-multimodal
tokenizers==0.13.3
    # via transformers
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   yapf
toolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   gluonts
    #   partd
torch==1.12.1+cpu
    # via
    #   -r requirements-cpu.in
    #   accelerate
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   causalnex
    #   fairscale
    #   fastai
    #   flair
    #   gcastle
    #   linear-operator
    #   pgmpy
    #   pyabsa
    #   pyro-ppl
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   pytorch-warmup
    #   tabpfn
    #   timm
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchtext
    #   torchvision
torchaudio==0.12.1+cpu
    # via -r requirements-cpu.in
torchmetrics==0.8.2
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   pytorch-lightning
torchtext==0.13.1
    # via autogluon-multimodal
torchvision==0.13.1+cpu
    # via
    #   -r requirements-cpu.in
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   fastai
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   timm
tornado==6.3.2
    # via distributed
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   bpemb
    #   causal-learn
    #   cmdstanpy
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   flair
    #   gcastle
    #   gdown
    #   gluonts
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hyperopt
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   pgmpy
    #   prophet
    #   pyabsa
    #   pyro-ppl
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   shap
    #   spacy
    #   tabpfn
    #   torchtext
    #   transformers
    #   umap-learn
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
transformers==4.23.1
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   flair
    #   pyabsa
typer==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pathy
    #   spacy
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   configspace
    #   gluonts
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pyabsa
    #   pydantic
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   qudida
    #   rich
    #   starlette
    #   tensorflow
    #   torch
    #   torchvision
typish==1.9.3
    # via nptyping
ujson==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
umap-learn==0.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
update-checker==0.18.0
    # via
    #   metric-visualizer
    #   pyabsa
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   databricks-cli
    #   docker
    #   google-auth
    #   minio
    #   requests
    #   responses
uvicorn==0.16.0
    # via ray
virtualenv==20.23.0
    # via ray
visions==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wasabi==1.1.1
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via
    #   blessed
    #   ftfy
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via tikzplotlib
websocket-client==1.5.2
    # via docker
werkzeug==2.3.4
    # via
    #   flask
    #   tensorboard
wheel==0.40.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   lightgbm
    #   tensorboard
wikipedia-api==0.5.8
    # via flair
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via
    #   causalnex
    #   deprecated
    #   tensorflow
xgboost==1.7.5
    # via autogluon-tabular
xlsxwriter==3.1.1
    # via metric-visualizer
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via openml
xxhash==3.2.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
yapf==0.33.0
    # via mmcv
yarl==1.9.2
    # via aiohttp
zict==3.0.0
    # via distributed
zipp==3.15.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
